Mary Silvestra threw the wet leather of her tailored cloak and bit back the humiliating pain of having to hang it up herself. No one was there, she reminded herself as she calmed down to the thought of hot coals placed in the boots of absentee servants. There were no gossiping witnesses - especially not her husband - who could spread rumors of the indignity she was suffering right now. Furiously, she took the thick candle hanging near the doorway, lit it without trying to look like she lit candles herself often, and stormed into her own manor, determined to make the first person she met beg her forgiveness.

Following a flickering light and the scent of copper, Mary threw open the doors to her study and stopped short, bobbling the candle in her hand. Sitting on the overstuffed leather chair behind the oversized oaken desk, being brought a steaming cup of reddish tea by one of her own servants, was a woman who had been missing for nearly seven years. Mary searched the facial features of the intruder and compared the tailored gown to her old memories and the portraits adorning the Sikandrian Congress of Lords. "Ambassador Poisoned Smile," Mary said, trying to cover her surprise with ingratiation. Seeking a useful distraction, Mary turned to the other servant in the room, shivering as he pretended to clean the glass surrounding the magical light that warmed her study for the tenth straight minute. "Sniveling coward," Mary snapped at him while he flinched. "If you could lose your soul by shaking hands with a demon, Sanctifer would rule the world. Attend to the Ambassador's needs." 

"Thank you, Lady Silvestra," purred the Erinyes as she stretched a delicate crimson hand to grip her tea, looping two flawless fingers around the handle and taking a long sip. Lady Silvestra. Mary quite liked the sound of that, especially from a figure as well-respected as Poisoned Smile. If she could be convinced to call Mary that in front of others, a thousand indignities would vanish overnight from Mary's life.

"Ambassador," Mary said, already consumed by fantasies of increasing her own wealth and power. "What brings you to my manor? Taking you away from..." Mary was too distracted from the present by her potential futures to phrase the question diplomatically. "Where have you been?" It was assumed that Poisoned Smile had been permanently destroyed, though no one would dare to voice that assumption, just in case.

"Lord Sanctifer has so many new frontiers to exploit," explained the demoness. "My expertise was valued there as much as it is here. There are so many treasures and so many soft-hearted fools." She gestured towards a closed door at the other end of the room, and an ashen-faced servant opened the door with a hurried bang. Hefting a steel lockbox, he rushed to deposit it on the desk, then left without pausing to catch his breath. "Such as this." Holding a simple brass key, Poisoned Smile inserted it into the box, the lock glowing for a moment before snapping in half, letting her lift the top of the case off to reveal her prize.

Mary forgot to breathe. A simple golden diadem, encircled by a baker's dozen of prismatic white feathers, subtly scattering tiny rainbows after the light hit them. Mary stared, transfixed, as she fantasized wearing it, brushing the obstacles to her ascension aside with her new symbol of authority. "It's beautiful," she finally managed to say, not taking a single moment away from staring at the prize.

"They're real," Poisoned Smile said, very aware that Mary was only paying the slightest attention to her. "Not from any of the pantheons of the Eastern or Western continents, but from another world entirely. An angel was sent-" a superior smirk ignored by everyone else in the room played over the demon's face "- alone - to cure a plague of cholera in the capital of some distant kingdom. We captured him with little more than the barest cooperation of the King's men and plucked him of his wings and power. Now Lord Sanctifer has the ability to decide who lives and who dies there - and I have this crown." Poisoned Smile mused over whether or not she should emphasize that last sentence to make sure Mary heard it before sliding the lockbox nearly closed, and pushing the box with both hands onto the center of the table.

Mary couldn't bear the sight of the diadem concealed like that, and the thought of it leaving her manor with Poisoned Smile strained her heart to the breaking point. Only the self-preservation ingrained in every member of Sanctifer's court kept her from rushing the table to snatch it up before the lock sealed and it was gone forever. "How much?" Mary asked, her voice cracking with greed.

Poisoned Smile broke out into her namesake. "Which of your children do you value the least?" 

Mary Silvestra began to sob upon being asked the question. She bowed her head before the demoness and said with genuine joy, "Thank you, Ambassador. I worried you wouldn't let me choose."

"Lord Sanctifer can be generous," the demon said warmly.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sally Silvestra tried to spread herself out so that as few people as possible could see over her shoulders while she opened the combination lock on her safe. She tensed instinctively as David and Mark walked by, but the two limited themselves to subtly pivoting towards her in the hall and jabbing her with an elbow as they passed. *They must be in a hurry,* Sally noted down in her mental chart of the alliances and schemes of the other students at her school. *What could they need to do at the west side of the school at this hour?*

Sally focused on the puzzle to try to distract herself from Matt's bragging, a lunch-table worth of students listening to his story for lack of anything better to do. "So then," Matt said, snorting like a pig as he laughed at his own joke, "I pretended to take a sip of the stew, right? And I said 'mmm-mmm, your daughter is yummy and sweet!'" He cackled to himself with the memory. "Then I held out the ladle and said 'now you try it.' I mean, what was she going to do? I still had the master ring that bound her family to my service, she was still wearing the slave ring, I could snuff them out -" Matt tried to snap but just rubbed his fingers together "- in an instant."

"What did you do next?" asked John, Matt's sniveling toady. Sally sagged a bit as she realized that she'd turned the dial a bit too far on the fourth number and would have to start all over again. It was worth it, though - no one was going to sabotage her textbooks and writing. Sally just wished the safes weren't in such a public space in the boarding school, though she knew that was part of the education here at the Sikander Finishing School for Conquest and Diplomacy. 

"So I told her," Matt chortled, "that if she ate the *whole* stew - 'every last drop'- I'd free her youngest son, right? I mean, you lost the *valuable* one, the eight-year-old who can work, but you've still got the five, right? So she eats, and eats, and I tell her to do it faster, holding up the ring, and I tell her to act more like she's enjoying herself, she should be *happy*, and then - whoops!" He breaks out into helpless laughter. "She finds her five-year-old's slave ring in the stew! She'd been cooking and eating *him* the whole time, I just *got rid* of the daughter!" 

Matt's followers share a brief laugh with no sign of hesitation or nervousness. John is the only one intelligent enough to keep doing it long enough to act like he enjoyed the story rather than just being bored enough to stick around for it. "So what happened then?" John asked, secretly disappointing the other students who hoped to get going soon so they could work on their own projects.

"Dunno. I took her ring and threw her out on the street. Maybe she got picked up for vagrancy and she's waiting to get sacrificed." 

"Wasteful," Sally whispered as she finally cracked open her safe, and then instantly regretted her brash tongue. *Please don't have heard me, please don't have heard me, please don't-*

John lifted Sally Silvestra up by the back of her tunic, then turned around and dropped her in front of Matt. *Did that one-handed, right handed, choked me only a little, I guess the rumors about the hunting teams getting to alchemically treat themselves with demonic strength are true, please don't hurt me-* was added to her mental chart by reflex while Matt loomed over her. "Oh *yeah?*" he grunted, offended by Silvestra's intrusion. "What would *you* have done?"

"Not that," Sally said, a little hotly. If all of Matt's friends were going to surround her like this, she wasn't going to give them the satisfaction of looking as scared of them as she actually was. 

Matt grinned, laying a meaty right hand on her shoulder and squeezing tightly, waiting to see how much he had to do that before Sally showed a flinch of pain. When he did, he shoved her backwards and laughed. "You don't know."

"I- " Sally's back ached from where she had been shoved into the combination lock of someone else's safe. She briefly wondered whether or not she could feel what number it was left on from the bruise it left on her back, but dismissed that as ridiculous and unworkable. "I *do* know! I do!"  

"You're an idiot," grinned the dumbest, richest student in Sally Silvestra's class. "You don't know."

Sally furiously stomped her foot, which was so funny to Matt's followers that they broke out into peals of laughter again at her attempt to assert herself. "Fine, you *asshole*. What you did to her isn't inflicting despair, and it wasn't furthering Lord Sanctifer's plans. It barely even counts as torture. It's just a bunch of unpleasant things that happened to someone."

"What are you saying?" implied Matt threateningly.

"I *mean*, she never had any culpability, she never played any role in her own downfall," Sally said, too incensed to let herself be scared when she had the opportunity to lecture. "You killed both her children and fed them to her. Boo hoo. That just means she thinks you're a dick. You're the one who made the decisions that ruined her life. The only decision *she* made was to eat the stew, which she only did because you were lying to her, and not even in a clever way that she could have figured out if she was smart enough. It's all stuff *you* did. None of it's stuff *she* did."

"I don't follow," Matt said angrily, "but I don't like it." 

"If she could blame *herself* for what happened to her kids, *then* you'd have something. Like, starve her for a few days, then chain her to her children, put a feast in front of her and a wall of spikes pointed at the kids behind her." If Sally was going to be sent to the sacrifice block for this, she was going to enjoy the payment of her crime to the fullest beforehand. "Stretch it out a little. Let her think she can get to the food with only putting the kids in danger. Maybe, I don't know, make it a pit trap or something that the mother has to stay balanced on to keep from triggering instead, something that she might tempt herself with thinking 'maybe they'll survive'. *Then*, when they're dead, she can think to herself that if she just was willing to starve to death for them that they'd still be alive. You set it up so the only person she can blame for the killings is you. That's just ordinary murder."

Matt glared at Sally witheringly. "Where am I supposed to even *get* a wall of spikes or a pit trap?"

"I don't know!" Sally snapped impulsively. "*Figure it out*! And *then*, you just turned her out onto the street and said 'maybe' she got sacrificed to summon another of Lord Sanctifer's demons? You didn't bother to either keep her around long enough to sell her *or* make sure she lived with the regret for a long time? Why - why would you even *do* that?" The hot rage vanished and was replaced by the cold regret that happens when one realizes that great pain is about to be inflicted on themselves. Matt stepped within a hand's breadth of her and Sally instinctively closed her eyes in anticipation.

"Don't bother trying to explain it to her," John taunted mockingly as he nudged Matt a little to pause the physical pain so that he could inflict some emotional. "Her family is poor. They can only afford *three* servants." He laughed. "Her Mom's not even Sikandrian. She owned a bunch of *cheesemongers* out in Deleyndria. She couldn't *afford* to have any fun - she wouldn't be able to get another."

"Shut up!" Sally snapped loudly at John, taking her eyes off of Matt. "We aren't! We're a *respected noble family!*"

"It's funny because you're poor," John bragged, and the entire group laughed at Sally again. Sally's hands balled into fists.

Matt shoved Sally's head back into the wall of safes and her vision flashed white. Sally felt her skull crack as Matt followed up low, tripping her and sending her to the stone-tiled floor. Sally gasped for breath and tried to pull herself away, but John was on top of her in a moment, casually bending her stretched right arm against her back and extending until Sally could hear her own muscles popping. It felt like her arm was about to come out of its socket and she screamed. 

John let up for a moment, letting Sally take a gasping, raggedy breath. "Beg," Matt said.

"N-no," Sally responded. Sally heard all of Matt's friends laugh and John tightened his grip again until she felt herself scream.

John kept Sally pinned down, letting her speak without letting her go. "You can stop this whenever you want," Matt said. "Just beg."

"No," Sally said, blinking a bit of blood out of her eyes. Then she screamed again until her throat was hoarse.

"That's enough," said the teacher stepping out of her office into the hall. "It's time to stop." Sally shuddered as she felt everything relax as John simply let her go, leaving her on the ground in a knot. Sally didn't have time to feel sorry for herself before she felt Ms. Saville dragging her to her feet. Unsteadly, she swayed a little, trying to clear her fuzzy head. "Silvestra," Saville said hatefully. "My office. *Now*." Sally limped off - "And don't tarry." - for the first few steps, before hurrying to run along after her. As the door to her office swung open, Ms. Saville looked back to the group of kids over her shoulder. "Your technique is improving to 'passable', John. Keep practicing." Then she slammed the door behind Sally, locking it with finality.

Sally wished that Ms. Saville gave her time to close her safe before dragging her in there. She was going to have trouble affording new books.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sally sipped another spoonful of the bitter healing potion as she felt the cut on her scalp knit itself together. She tried to ignore the matted tangle of blood on her light pink hair. Sally heard - and figured it was probably true - that they added poison to the potions so that children wouldn't find them and use them up recreationally. She heard - and was less sure about this - that military healing potions had alcohol in them instead, so that the potions healed wounds and morale at the same time. Sally didn't believe in making herself vulnerable, but she felt she could really use some of that right now.

"Your performance in the hallway is a microcosm of your failures, Sally Silvestra," Ms. Saville pronounced with finality. 

"Oh," Sally said quietly, her throat still raw. "You heard that?" She was too tired to flinch, barely able to make herself imagine how much Ms. Saville would punish her for screaming.

"I heard everything, Silvestra." Ms. Saville wrinkled her nose as she listed Sally's failures. "You make enemies, Silvestra, and you don't make allies. You are too proud to 'lower yourself' to ingratiate yourself with the better students in this class. Which could be made up for if you had the power or ability to make others ingratiate themselves to you, but you are sorely lacking in those vital areas. No one fears you, Silvestra, and that is the single most condemning thing I could possibly say to one of my students."

Sally tried to distract herself with the healing potion, unable to contradict her teacher and unwilling to stand up to her. *Maybe they used too much poison in this one,* she hoped idly. 

"When you bother to scheme," Ms. Saville dismissed, "your plans are baroque, complicated, and utterly impossible. You spend so much time thinking about future iterations and developments that you ignore that you are completely incapable of performing the first part of your plans yourself. It's a significant flaw you share with your mother, and one I have tried to train out of you for the three years I have known you with absolutely no success." She tapped a pile of scrolls with a fingernail manicured to resemble a claw, each report with Sally's name at the top in smudged and blocky handwriting. "Your report on methods of torture last month was eighteen inches long when the second-longest student required only seven, and his ideas were much more practical and economical than yours. Do you think I enjoy spending my valuable time reading about your idle fantasies, Silvestra?"

"No, Ms. Saville." Sally wondered how much of the potion she could drink at once without throwing up.

"Your report on proposed corruption was as inane as it was implausible. Do you really think that you could subvert a major nation *just* by owning the newly omnipresent insipid gossip rags that our valuable printing presses waste their time on? Or did you think that I would be fooled by the suggestion of an impractical ruse? Which is it, Silvestra? Neither speaks well for you." Sally didn't answer, and Ms. Saville continued. "You repeat this pattern of behavior in every single one of your classes. The only teacher I found who was willing to say a single word in your defense was your Demonic Magic tutor, who said that your body of work was 'acceptable'." Ms. Saville leaned across the desk to speak directly into Sally's ear. "There it is, Silvestra. Your single word."

Sally didn't cry. Noble Sikandrians didn't cry. They didn't get dust stuck in their eyes or come down with allergies, either. The only tears they ever saw were those they caused in others.

"Now. Having tried and failed to teach you myself for three years, I must refer you to the oldest and best teacher - pain." Ms. Saville glanced at Sally's matted hair. "Do try to learn from it better than you have from me. Now tell me. Which two of the other students hate you the most?"

"David and Mark, Ms. Saville."

"And you're horrible at lying," added Ms. Saville. "I nearly forgot to mention that. Your scores in deception are frankly pathetic." She looked over a list of students. "I am assigning you, Matt, and John to a hunt. We'll release a slave in the Hangmen Woods with a thirty-minute head start and have you three track them down. Acres of open forest, no witnesses, and weapons for each of you. I will inform Matt and John that 'accidents' will be punished by me, *if* they result in your death." Ms. Saville looked down at Sally threateningly. "Is this lesson clear?"

"Yes, Ms. Saville." Sally couldn't bring herself to look her teacher in the eyes. "I won't fail."

"You've said that for years," Ms. Saville dismissed, "and I've never believed it." Ms. Saville leaned in. "See that I don't hear it from you ever again."

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Dean Alicia Carroll watched the endlessly damaged and repaired hologram emitter slowly spark to life, the six-year-old processors in the third-hand machine trying to compensate and understand the magical information being wirelessly streamed to them according to the algorithms she had to pay Professor Mae the cost of a new emitter to write. Alicia looked at the strikingly blonde, pale-faced demon lord on the other side of the screen. Sanctifer had already drawn himself up to his full height in his dress uniform, stepped towards the magical camera that was broadcasting his image, and as he opened his mouth to begin to speak Alicia replied "No," and she watched the image vanish as she disconnected the communication.

Alicia waited in silence inside her dark office for a few seconds before the transmission started again, the same demon lord appearing almost surprised for a fraction of a second that she didn't simply ignore his second call. From that and the way the demon lord glanced away from the camera momentarily, Alicia could see that the figure on the other end of the communication wasn't actually Sanctifer, but a body double taking on his form and ordered to mimic his movements and speech as closely as possible. While it wouldn't fool her searching yellow eyes, it would successfully shield himself from them. "But Dean Carroll," the double said, expertly slipping back into character, "You haven't even heard what I have to offer you."

Alicia permitted her own expression to reflect the careful weighing of facts and balancing of possibilities that it was actually performing. *How can I use this to make him hurt?* Alicia asked herself. *He clearly thinks my power can affect him, and he's at least somewhat afraid of it.* Alicia blinked to clear her eyes from the analysis of the shapeshifter in front of her. *It would be embarrassing for him to have to admit to his court that he was unable to safely talk to someone, obviously, so there are no witnesses to this other than the double.* Alicia compared patterns and schedules of Sanctifer's that she had painstakingly memorized before letting her expression appear to 'finish thinking.' *Sanctifer has already thought of how to eliminate any method I can use to prove that he's not actually on this call with me right now. But that means he's also not wherever he's said he is right now. If I can frame him for doing something else right now, he'll have a hard time showing that he wasn't.* "I haven't," Alicia admitted, slightly less than a second after the double had finished speaking. "No." Then she disconnected the call again.

Alicia waited in silence again, this time for a few more seconds. She considered getting to work on her other projects when Sanctifer began calling for a third time, which she instantly answered. The shapeshifter looked at Alicia with an expression of unsure rage, not sure how much of the expression on Sanctifer's face he was supposed to mimic. "Dean Carroll," the shapeshifter said, returning to the character of an immaculate demon lord much too prideful in his own accomplishments to be bothered by anything, "are you really so quick to abandon the chance to save an innocent life?"

"Yeah," Alicia said dismissively. "Because you would never contact me to make a deal if you didn't think you were getting more out of it than I was. So, I agree with you. Goodbye." Alicia considered that she likely couldn't count on Sanctifer to attempt a fourth call, and simply moved towards the disconnection button rather than instantly cutting the connection. 

"Dean Carroll," said the double with a superior, disappointed smile. Alicia took a moment to appreciate the acting skill that went into copying Sanctifer's expression so perfectly. "But surely you've considered the possibility that what I think I will get out of it has nothing to do with the deal itself? That I wanted to poison your prideful heart with paranoia and jealousy, so that you became useless to Solaria as you eternally jumped at the nearest shadow like your dear, dear friend Jaime?" 

She inspected the figure on the other end of the call more closely while she pretended to consider his words. While the demon was properly wearing the regalia, decorations, and clothing of Sanctifer's true form, the anti-life blade hanging from his belt was just a prop - the weight was accurate, but the balance was wrong, having a center of gravity significantly closer to the hilt than the actual blade did. Alicia figured that Sanctifer didn't want to let a weapon designed to destroy beings that come back from death like the Avatar or Solaria out of his hands. "Wow," Alicia finally bothered to respond with withering sarcasm. "That argument would be probably be really effective on someone who cared about that sort of thing." 

The double's eyes flashed with fury before he pushed it back down again, then took the fury back up as he realized that Sanctifer wanted him to show it this time. "You're exceptionally *eager* to condemn *another* angel to eternal torment today, *Alice*."

"I'm listening," Alicia said in a bored tone of voice that tried to make it obvious that she wasn't. *Sanctifer knows that if I was really uninterested, I'd hang up,* Alicia cursed herself. *I need to find a way to regain momentum in this conversation.*

"Raziel," bragged the body double. "An angel from a world as similar to Solaria's as Unity Earth is to yours. You know him, don't you?"

"There's a lot of angels," Alicia replied, already remembering everything but needing a few seconds to come up with a plan for taking control of the call again. "Refresh my memory."

"No," said the double with exquisite cruelty. It didn't matter - Sanctifer languished in his victory long enough for Alicia to recover.

"So, what do you want from me?" Alicia said, blinking with boredom.

"A simple request," responded the demon. "That you permit a single human, born and raised in Sikandria, to enroll at your little school." He grinned sadistically down at Alicia. "Your curriculum is hardly a secret, after all, so why would this bother you in the least?"

"And in return?" Alicia said, her eyes flatly staring at the double.

"I will *repatriate* Raziel to his home dimension. Worse for the wear, of course, and not to his original pantheon - no, I think the care of their god of disease and decay is an appropriate destination for him. But, you and Solaria will find it *significantly* easier to rescue him from a local god than you will from me. One student for one angel? More than a fair trade, wouldn't you say?"

Alicia had to time this perfectly - waiting long enough to make it clear that this wasn't a snap emotional reaction, but not long enough that it seemed like Alicia had to think about the proposition at all. "No."

"Would you like to hear Raziel's screams, Alice?" said the demon hatefully. And fearfully - the shapeshifter likely expected that Sanctifer would take their rage out on him if this conversation failed. "Perhaps you'll hear a single clue to his location somewhere in the background of his agony - after all, your *special talent* does work with your ears, and not just your eyes, yes?" He grinned sadistically. "The only way to be sure would be to listen to the whole thing."

"Sanctifer, you see agreements with the forces of what we'll generously call 'good' as an opportunity to trick or exploit them," Alicia explained with her most tired expression. "I know that, and you can't distract me into not knowing that by bringing up my past and making threats to torture someone you were already torturing. There's still no reason to make a deal with you as long as I know that you just see deals as a chance to make things worse for the other person, today or in the long run." Alicia shrugged. "I just wanted to know what was less valuable to you than getting a student in Pinnacle Academy." 

"Ah," said the demon lord with a knowing grin, "So you agree with me, then? That you are so outclassed by my schemes and plans that you wouldn't have a single hope of tricking me, even to save a life you truly cared about?"

Alicia could have argued back that she simply didn't want to spend the time and effort on deciphering Sanctifer's plans when she had a lot of other responsibilities, but she knew that wasn't what would hurt Sanctifer the most. "Yeah, I do." Alicia said. "Congratulations. You won."

An aura of flame flared to life around the double, and he clutched angrily at the prop blade on his belt. "Perhaps I will go to Solaria," he hissed. "She *controls* your life like you *pretend* to control your academy. And she's foolish enough that she'll permit a student of mine onto your campus purely for the opportunity to redeem her. Every time you look at her you'll know that you threw away a chance to save someone for *nothing*."

"Great," Alicia said, and moved to disconnect the call, but Sanctifer's end hung up before she could. Alicia sighed. Now she had to reschedule the rest of her day to fit this in.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"There, there," cooed the demoness to the right of Sally Silvestra, watching her slowly dress herself as the water drained from the tub. Sally's grip tensed on the towel a little as she tried to tamp down on her vulnerability, looking around the room without seeming like she was looking around the room. *This room is too big to be anything inside the School, and when they took me out of the forest we went in the opposite direction from how we came here. Either this is real or I've vastly underestimated Matt's creativity*. "There we go. All that nasty mud is gone." 

"Some of it was blood," said the demoness on the left of Sally. She didn't glare at Sally, but she looked disdainfully at the mortal she had been ordered by Lord Sanctifer to pull out of the Hangman's Woods. This stained, juvenile human rated an audience directly with him? The demoness allowed that it could be part of one of Sanctifer's sadistic jokes, and she simply hoped that she would get the opportunity to watch the punchline.

"Well then, all that nasty blood is gone. Which color do you like, little girl?" Sally could see a rack of clothes that she didn't think was there when she first entered the room. Sally allowed that she could have been more than a little distracted after being abducted by two flying Erinyes while she was trying to run away from Matt and John in the dark of night, and couldn't be entirely certain that she properly noted all possible traps and threats while she was having her dirty clothes cut off of her.

"Be careful with that. Don't get the clothing wet," the other demoness lectured as Sally slowly pulled on the outfit more expensive than anything she'd ever seen before. "And hurry up. You have an audience with Lord Sanctifer, don't leave him waiting."

"Now, now," chuckled the demoness on Sally's right as Sally tried to keep her terrified grip on the dress only tight enough to wrinkle it, not tear it. "Lord Sanctifer told us to be *nice* to this girl. You don't need to scare her." 

"Yeah," said the demoness on the left. "But who knows if he actually meant it?"

"True," mused the demoness to the right before returning to fussing over Sally's presentation. "There, there, that's crooked, you've never worn this before, have you?" Sally stayed completely silent, keeping her mouth shut as tightly as she could. "You don't have to look that way," the demoness added. "Lord Sanctifer wanted to see *you*. He doesn't do that with someone he just wants to *dispose* of. He has people for that."

"She looks as good as she's going to," the left demoness said. "Let's deliver her already before Sanctifer gets bored." 

"Very well," said the other demon, guiding her charge out of the marbled bathroom with indoor plumbing and back through the palace where the Congress of Lords convened. Sally did her best to keep track of monuments and other markers she could use to retrace her steps, counting the gaudy steel-framed portraits that she passed by and trying to match some of them to her history lessons. She realized while she was trying to tell the difference between a grandfather and a grandson so she could get an approximate timeline including Ambassador Smile's appearance in Sikandria, she had forgotten to keep count of her steps so she knew how far she was moving. She bit her lip angrily to blame herself, then glanced to the side. *Was that door there when we passed?* she thought to herself for a brief moment, before the demon on the left yanked her by the collar and brought her back to a poisoned steel grating that hurt Sally's eyes to look at like it was the setting sun, forcing her to squint. With a gesture from the other erinyes, the portcullises slid, rotated, and retracted into the wall before the airtight door hissed open.

Sally blinked a few more times to clear her eyes, trying to adjust to the electric lights of the room beyond. There were dozens of people here, each one sitting at another seat along long dining tables with black boxes and glowing windows resting in front of them - some clearly wearing the metaphysical chains of a slave ring, some not, some species of humanoid she recognized, some not. The left demoness guided her around an amorphous being of rippling shadows that Sally couldn't help but stare at before yanking Sally's neck a second time, pointing her clearly at the center of the room.

Wearing an elegantly tailored robe, reading spectacles, smoking from a long wooden pipe, and casually switching between various scrolls Sally recognized was her Lord Sanctifer. His feet dangled to rest on top of a leathery ottoman as he folded some of the paper back to save his place and looked down at the tiny mortal in front of him. The two chain-demons behind him to serve as his honor guard stood three heads taller than her, and they were under strict orders to never appear taller than Sanctifer, so as not to detract from his majesty.

"Sally Silvestra," the Emperor of Pride rumbled paternally as he looked down on the girl from whom he evoked terrified, worshipful obedience. "It's a pleasure to meet you." He leaned back in his chair and resumed his casual perusal of the papers in front of him. 

"You know me?" Sally squeaked quietly as she fearfully tried to comprehend what was going on.

"I'm familiar with your work," Sanctifer said, bending the parchment of the eighteen-inch scroll back to show Sally Silvestra her own handwriting. "Yes, your ideas are hardly economical, and I'm firmly of the belief that every drop of blood kept is a drop of blood claimed -" Sanctifer paused for a moment to watch Sally try to figure out how to change her beliefs and opinions so that she had a better chance of surviving this conversation "- but then what would the point of amassing all of this wealth and power be, if I never took the opportunity to enjoy it?" He smiled, leaning backwards at the mortal incapable of understanding what sort of game he was playing but trying her hardest to figure out the rules as quickly as she could. "The purpose of gold is to be spent. The purpose of power is to be exercised. The purpose of souls..." He carefully folded and put away Sally Silvestra's extensive notes on the subject. "... is to be tortured." 

*It is entirely reasonable that Matt's family has enough pull with the Congress of Lords to have me tortured to death, and entirely possible that this is Sanctifer's way of telling me that I'm useless enough to him that he can praise me before I'm sacrificed,* Sally realized. She focused and strained with the effort to suppress her emotions as much as she could, but she still felt her lips quivering and water welling in the edges of her eyes. She didn't complain that it wasn't fair. All Sikandrians understood that the world wasn't fair. *I just wish that I could have met someone who understood before I died.* She tried to see if that was what was happening right now, knowing that there was no way to prepare for whatever fate awaited her, while her Lord paused above her to inspect the being in front of him and understand how she best fit into his schemes.

"Don't cry, dear," Sanctifer responded with a gleam in his eye from behind the spectacles. He mildly approved as he saw Sally banish the water from her eyes with force of willpower. "It serves no purpose, after all.” He inspected his servant’s slight tremble with fear before continuing. “You're being granted a rare honor." 

Sally's shoulders sagged as any hope that she wasn't about to be sacrificed left her completely. She felt scared, for a few moments, and tried to think of something she'd want to remember before she died. *What can I do?* she bemoaned helplessly inside her head. *I can't - I'm not strong enough - I don't understand enough in order to do anything.* "Lord Sanctifer," she said with a weak and gravelly voice, "I just tried - to be a true Sikandrian," she breathed, unable to phrase the concept inside her mind to describe the epitaph she wanted.

"I believe you are," Sanctifer said magnanimously. "A better Sikandrian than the others in your class, to be sure." He leaned towards the cowering mortal conspiratorially, as though he was sharing a secret in confidence. "Certainly Matt."

"Lord Sanctifer?" Sally said, confused. There was luxuriating in the helplessness of your victims, and there was mockingly preening a sacrifice before she was used, but the idea of a compliment like that - and one that placed her above someone richer and more powerful than her - was as alien to her as most of the nonhumans in this room. She tried to comprehend what her Lord wanted from her, what he could possibly be getting out of this display. She searched the faces of Sanctifer and his impassive guards with bewilderment.

"There is a certain kind of person that I want the Sikander Finishing School to produce, with certain personality traits." he said, while Sally strained to detect the sarcasm that had to be there. "Among them include a ferocious, unrestrained cunning that understands the world as it is rather than what one would want it to be; a powerful determination that admits defeat but never accepts it; and a certain malicious creativity that sees things others would instantly dismiss." Sanctifer flowed like smoke as he stood up from his resting position, his form looming over Sally’s head. "You have those three traits, Sally Silvestra, in addition to quite a number of others that I want in a personal agent of mine for an important task."

Sally blinked, trying to guess what role she could possibly play and what purpose she could serve. Sanctifer was saying she was useful - as what? The only things she was good for at school was to serve as an object lesson to others. A sacrifice, a hostage to trade, or a demonstration of some new weapon of cruelty. "I -" She found her voice failing her. "I don’t know what you think - I could be useful for." She lowered her gaze to the ground in submission before the archdemon. "I can't be who you -" Sally came *very* close to saying 'need' before remembering that Lord Sanctifer needed nothing, especially not from her. "- who you want to serve you, my Lord." 

"Really?" Lord Sanctifer said to the mortal beneath him. He looked with mock befuddlement back at his two guards, who remained still and motionless. "And I thought everyone here was in agreement. I, Lord Sanctifer, think that Sally Silvestra can be of use to me." He gestured to the lighter-colored guard behind him as Sally became confused enough to risk raising her eyes. "Hydrax thinks you can be of use to me." Understanding that Sanctifer wanted him to agree, the kyton nodded slowly without ever taking his eyes off any possible threat to Sanctifer in the room. "Moonblade believes you can be of use to me," Sanctifer said, knowing that his other guard would mimic Hydrax's movements perfectly. "Miss Saville believes -" 

Sanctifer paused as Sally Silvestra made a brief choking noise, her resolve instantly collapsing like she was pierced through the stomach by a spear as soon as she heard her teacher's name. Her shoulders hunched as she looked down at the ground, realizing that she had fallen onto her hands and knees, and slowly made one hand into a fist as she became furious with herself for not seeing it earlier. Of course this was the answer, it wasn't *Matt*, it was her teacher who was going to be her end. 

"Miss Saville?" Sanctifer said, before looking to his left and then his right, pretending to scan the room in the hopes of seeing her. "Miss Saville, where are you?" His eyes gleamed as he pretended to be overcome with sudden recollection, reaching inside his surcoat to produce a small, oblong green crystal. "Ah, there you are." He tapped the surface of the crystal with a claw manicured to resemble a nail, drawing Sally's attention to the sound. He rotated his hand so that Sally could better see the wraithlike visage of her teacher, bent backwards in agony as Sanctifer plunged his hand through her chest and tore out one of her lungs. Sally blinked twice and stared in disbelief at Miss Saville eternally reliving the moment of her death, the default resting state of a soul in Sanctifer's possession while not being actively tortured by another demon. "Ah, it seems that she's having a bit of trouble speaking right now." Sanctifer tilted the crystal closer to Sally, letting the trapped spirit within arm's reach of her. "Perhaps we should give her a moment to catch her breath."

Sally snatched the crystal out of Sanctifer's hand, heedless of anything else in the room as she began to believe that this was really her teacher. Sally gripped it until her knuckles turned white, staring at the person who had caused her so much pain and agony, and then threw the crystal onto the floor as hard as she could, then watched her teacher scuff the wooden floor as she bounced off of it twice. Then she leapt into the air and tried to bring her entire weight down on Miss Saville, trying to stomp on her, smash her, do *anything* to inflict on her the helpless anguish that was the only thing Sally could ever remember feeling.

"That's not actually how one of those works. But," Sanctifer clarified while holding up his other arm to restrain Hydrax and Moonveil from slaughtering the mortal who had dared to steal from her Lord, "I do like your enthusiasm. Can't be taught, after all. Another trait I see in you that's of use to me." He looked down firmly at Sally Silvestra. "Now give her back."

Sally clutched the crystal protectively, thinking about all of the things that Miss Saville had done to her, and all of the things that she would never get to do to Miss Saville once she disappeared forever back into Sanctifer's possession. She held onto her teacher for a few tense heartbeats, looking down at her, before finally surrendering the soul, handing it back to Lord Sanctifer and doing her best to look away from the angry gazes of his two guards.

"Good," Sanctifer said, retaining a shred of his tried patience. "Besides, I have something else for you, and your hands can only hold one thing at a time, can't they?" He dangled a silver locket on a chain in front of her, and waited for her to stick her hand underneath it before letting go. "Consider it a gift."

Sally felt the goosebumps running over her skin as some ancient survival instinct evolved in humanity on this planet recognized the danger of the silver locket resting in her hand. She recognized the sensation from her classes, remembering quite well her Demonic Magic class and the basics of curses. *This is irremovable*, Sally thought to herself. And then, *Just because Matt and Miss Saville aren't responsible for this doesn't mean that my life isn't in danger.* Every educated Sikandrian 

"You don't like it?" "You haven't even seen what's inside yet," "It's been keyed to your blood. Run your finger over the outside of the seam," "I won't do it for you."

Sally tried to steady her hand enough.

Sally forgot to breathe.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"What do we know about her?" Alicia said on the call with Solaria and Lianis. 

"The Silvestra family was a group of minor nobles from Deleyndria, a former principality near the eastern borderland of Sikandria." Lianis read off from the manila documents in front of her.

"Which means it was conquered six years ago when Sikandria imported their first ten thousand AK-47s," Alicia says. "I was under the impression that Sanctifer usually got rid of the existing leadership one way or another so he didn't have to keep track of the politics of old alliances. Did she escape that?" 

Fleur Lianis kept reading. "Was is the key word," she added. "Twenty years ago, Mary Silvestra, Sally's mother, married a Sikandrian citizen and attempted to use that to join the Congress of Lords. Unsuccessfully," Fleur continued unnecessarily. 

"If she *joined* Sikandria," Alicia said, similarly unnecessarily, "She must be a real charmer. Do you have anything about-"

"The few statements we have regarding her committed to ink and parchment from back then indicate that she was attempting to enforce Sikandrian law on her farms and household. Specifically labor law, since Deleyndria was an abolition polity. There are no records if there was ever any enforcement or consequences towards her from this for either side - she was too small and too close to the border for Deleyndria to want to risk conflict with Sikandria, though they wouldn't have surrendered the claim until they were forced to. That's the only thing we have before the printing press and mass-production of paper was introduced to the planet seven years ago."

Alicia closed her eyes for three seconds, letting herself just think about the implications and possibilities. She opened her eyes and glanced towards Fleur. "Lianis, Sanctifer was still manufacturing reasons for war back then rather than just invading and daring people to stop him, right? Was she a part of that at all?"

"No," Fleur Lianis said. "But they could have, and that would have provided a better casus belli than what he ultimately went with, so I think it's unlikely that he or anyone in the capital had any idea she existed."

Alicia shook her head as she tried to comprehend Sanctifer's plans. "So why *her*? Why Sally? What else do we know about Sally's relatives?"

"Father, dead nine years ago, symptoms observed by other villagers interviewed were consistent with cancer. Two brothers, one older and one younger, all three children trained at the Sikander Finishing School for Conquest and Diplomacy. Eldest brother has graduated and is currently a optio in Sikandria's army -"

"Not a centurion, and he went to ess-eff-ess?" Alicia mutters. "He must have been a fuckup even by their august standards." 

"- no family history of armed conflict, no accolades earned at the Academy that we know of. She's as close to utterly unremarkable as you can get in Sikandria without being a peasant." Fleur Lianis glanced to Alicia, knowing a single possibility but not wanting to bring it up in front of Solaria. "It's like she was selected at random."

Alicia decided to acknowledge it. "Fucking Sanctifer. We never know if this is one of his schemes or just him being an asshole. He could have sent us some super-spy we have no idea exists, or he could have just picked her because he wanted to remind me of Mary Carroll -" Alicia's mouth soured upon bringing up her own mother "- didn't he get three blood demons killed while kidnapping Alexis Lision from the Camderon Orchestra two months ago? And then you undertook a huge investigation as to why and still have no idea?" Alicia shakes her head. "She wasn't even the best violinist there. He's willing to spend gold and blood on his own private jokes, so even when you catch him in the act, it's a coin flip as to whether or not you've interrupted some nation-shaking plan in progress or if you just denied him an hour's entertainment. And I hate coin flips." Alicia closed her eyes again, in defeat this time rather than contemplation. "So, what are we doing to her?"

"Well," Solaria finally spoke up, "I understand that this is a serious imposition on the university. Even if we prevent her from fulfilling any of Sanctifer's goals while she's on this campus, we'd be taking a space away from other students who intended to learn what we teach here in order to do it, and we'd give it to someone intending to learn what we teach here in order to stop other people from doing it. To say nothing of the political issues that having an open Sanctifer cultist at Pinnacle Academy could cause, making it harder for us to attract students in the first place."

Alicia knew that snapping like this at Solaria wouldn't convince Solaria or Lianis to agree any more about distrusting the other spy in her university. She even knew that this would make them angry enough at her to move farther away just out of spite or a desire not to be like Alicia. "Oh, so *now* you care about it being harder for me to get students to come here?" But she couldn't stop herself.

Solaria did her best to ignore the outburst. "But Raziel was the only person on that dimension who understood germ theory," she continued. "Pantheon agreements prevent me from simply informing other angels as to what he knew, but if he could be rescued, it would mean that deaths from plague on that planet drop by an order of magnitude."

"We wouldn't *have* to rescue him," Alicia said, "if he had been smart enough to tell anyone else about the scrolls that you arranged to 'accidentally' fall into his hands. Or if he hadn't been so dumb as to travel to where a paranoid king who Sanctifer managed to convince that the angel was coming there to depose him told him to." Alicia twitched a little bit, trying to suppress her desire to not see history repeat itself in order to do what was best for the university. 

"None of that is relevant," dismissed Fleur Lianis. "It would have been better if he did. He didn't, and now we have to deal with it. We can lose one student to Sanctifer in exchange for a better chance at this."

"Please don't tell me you're thinking of 'redeeming' her," Alicia muttered darkly again. 

"Unlikely," Fleur said, cutting off her own goddess' reply. "While no one is irredeemable, Sanctifer had to know that attempting that would be our first course of action. He has to have already set up a number of safeguards against her betraying him."

"Of course he did," Alicia said with sarcastic obviousness. "Who would ever want to serve Sanctifer?" 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tears streamed from both of Sally's eyes as she stared into the locket and she couldn't keep herself from sobbing openly. The only thing that was important to her about her show of absolute weakness was that the water in her eyes was keeping her from getting a clear view of what Sanctifer had given her. She blinked quickly then forced her eyes open as widely as she could, unwilling to move either one of her hands from the locket to wipe tears away. Even a blurry vision of the inside of the locket was too much for her to want to give up, because for the first time in her life, she could see what she saw inside the locket without loathing and despising it, and she never wanted this moment to end.

"It's left over from a failed plan," Sanctifer said idly, knowing that Sally's attention was far away from him. "I wanted to weaken some distant prince dead for centuries now, so I arranged for him to receive the larger whole, which you have a tiny piece of. It was supposed to feed the vanity in his heart until he gave into hubris and shattered certain alliances he was a part of that I did not want to continue." Sanctifer rolled his eyes at the memory. "Completely useless. Oh, it corrupted him just fine, but no matter how many foolish diplomatic mistakes he made, no matter how many arrogant sacrifices he forced on his people and allies to feed his own ego, they all simply decided that this was a particularly bad king and he was just powerful enough that they would have to wait him out. I had the opportunity to take it back a few decades after his death, and I did, even though all it seems to be good for now is as a potent cure for melancholy." Sanctifer grinned maliciously. "But I *never* surrender anything, Sally Silvestra. Or anyone. You never know when something will surprise you by becoming useful again."

Sally distantly realized some time later that she had stopped crying, that she had no more tears to give, that she could see the locket that Sanctifer gave her clearly again. She lifted the silver chain around her neck and felt the weight of the curse as it activated, flattening down to cling to her neck and shoulders until it was irremovable. She curiously tried to stick a finger underneath it, more to test the bounds of what was possible for her rather than risk actually removing it. She looked inside at the locket again for a few more reassuring seconds, then looked up at Sanctifer. "And if I ever betray you," she said with similar curiosity, "it tightens around my neck until my windpipe is crushed, right?"

"No," Sanctifer said openly. "It instantly, painfully immolates you in a curtain of hellfire. That's more expensive than the strangulation, but much more reliable." The arch-demon smiled broadly at his newest servant. "And I believe you're worth it, Sally Silvestra."
